How technology is changing education

The topic of my talk is modern technology in education
Technology opens doors for teachers, students and parents alike
technology has impacted just about every aspect of life today. Education, of course, is no exception. Not only are vast amounts of information available online, but opportunities for formal learning are also available online. In fact, a 2017 University of Phoenix College of Education survey found that 63% of K-12 teachers use technology in the classroom daily. 

Teachers use these technologies to not only improve communication and collaboration but also provide parents a way to stay connected with their child’s classroom. 

Below we take a broader look at how technology has made its mark on education. 



Let's start with the fact that Technology encourages communication and collaboration

Traditionally, classrooms have been relatively isolated, and collaboration has been limited to classmates. Today, technology enables forms of communication and collaboration that allow students to share what they are learning with students in other classrooms and even sities. With open collaboration, traditional classroom walls are no longer a barrier to heightened learning experiences. 
When it comes to higher education, online classes have made a broad range of programs accessible to individuals who otherwise may not have had the opportunity to get the education they desired. Students and adult learners with busy lives can now meet their once out-of-reach educational goals.



The following is what I would like to say is "The use of game-changing technologies in education"

Technologies like virtual reality have also changed how we approach education. When needed, like during the coronavirus outbreak, schools throughout the nation have transitioned to virtual teaching. 

By leveraging technologies such as virtual reality, teachers can enhance student learning and engagement, truly transforming the way in which they deliver educational content. Through such an experience, students can learn about a subject by experiencing it.

Virtual reality isn’t the only high-tech tool educators are using. Teachers across the nation also use learning-management systems such as Zoom. This platform provides educators and learners with a personalized learning environment they can access from school or home. 



And the last one is this "Changing the landscape for teachers and students"

The use of new technologies has also changed the roles of teachers and learners. Schools across the country have redesigned learning spaces and curriculums in hopes of enabling new forms of education, fostering more interaction among students and encouraging small group work using a range of technical tools. 
For many students, technology has encouraged participation. Research shows the more students participate, the better their learning outcomes will be. With the use of technology, there are many more options for class participation. When students see they can communicate with their teacher and classmates easily, they are bound to participate more.

The opportunity for personalized education has also been on the rise thanks in part to technological advances. With technology, just about everything can be personalized. From assignments adapted to a student's needs and abilities to customized worksheets and tests, technology in education has allowed for seamless personalization.


In conclusion, I would like to say that with many options for students, parents and teachers to engage with one another in and outside of the classroom, there’s no denying technology has come to be a powerful tool that can truly transform education in a myriad ways. With the global reach of the world wide web and the proliferation of smart devices connecting to it, the age of modern education has truly arrived. 

Would anyone like to ask any questions?

Good question. I think